foreign
[Music]
hi in this video I will explain how I
create animations and map tiles with
pixel lab to give some background pixel
lab is a plug-in for acepright that I
and my brother is developing
I start off by using the start image
tool I pick the size I want my dragon to
be and use the description cute dragon
[Music]
I am pretty happy with the result but my
dragon has no wings so I add the shape
of wings and use it as an init image
this fixes the wings and adds more
detail to the dragon I will do this
again changing the init strength a bit
to make the dragon look even better when
I'm happy with the result I then use the
rotation tool to rotate my dragon
[Music]
foreign
I edit the rotation a bit before
starting to create the animation
[Music]
I want to make a flying animation for my
dragon so I start off by adding fly as
action when creating an animation I
recommend it first just trying to
generate and see what happens if you
notice the model is struggling I
recommend using init images what I
usually do when creating the init images
is take the generations that I kinda
like and edit them into the shape of
what I want them to look like then
generate again using the init images I
made depending on how much you want the
generation to look like your init images
change the in its strength accordingly
a good thing to note is that the
movement model can be used to extend
animations as it will attempt to
generate the next frames in the
animation
you can use reference images to give the
model two previous frames which will
usually help improve the results
foreign
[Music]
[Laughter]
when I am almost done with the animation
I will use reshape to do some finishing
touches this can be done using the
movement model as well but I find the
reshape tool to be very good at smaller
changes like moving the tail arms Wings
Etc when using the reshape tool you want
to draw the new shape in Black in the
reshape layer
I won't break
[Music]
foreign
attack animations I recommend moving
your character a bit to the side so the
model has more room to generate the
effects in this instance I tried just
generating attack animations but wasn't
super happy with the results so I
decided to use init images to help guide
the model
[Music]
now I will be creating a map for my
dragon here I have an idea of what I
want my map to look like so I draw an
init image and use it to give the model
an idea of what I want I make a mistake
here and forget to impaint the water
ending up not changing the water
to get consistent Style on the map you
want to select areas so that the model
always gets to see some of the map tiles
it is important to note that the in
painting decides what the model sees and
where it can paint
[Music]
foreign